design.md, before:

# The Design of a Database-Linked Website for NCEA Level 2

Project Name: **Password storage system**

Project Author: **Connor Taylor-Whitnell**

Assessment Standards: **91892** and **91893**


-------------------------------------------------

## System Requirements

### Identified Need or Problem

People need a way to store and manage passwords.

### End-User Requirements

The website will be used by users such as old people, and forgetful people (Ben). The website will therefore need to have large text that is easy to read preferably with a colour that contrasts the rest of the website.

### Proposed Solution

The website will allow storage of login details, along with allowing the addition and deletion of said details 


-------------------------------------------------

## Relevant Implications

### Usability

The usability implications of a digital technology or digital outcome (e.g. a website) relate to how easy it is to use for the end-user, without the need for help or guidance.

This website will need to be usable by older people or people who may have memory issues, this means that it will need to simple, have large text, and be easy to understand and use.

I will need to consider

### Functionality

The functionality implications of a digital technology or digital outcome (e.g. a website) relate to how well it works for the end-user, in terms of meeting its intended purpose.

The website must be

I will need to consider

### Aesthetics

The aesthetic implications of a digital technology or digital outcome (e.g. a website) relate to how it looks in terms of design.

Most users will not

The website should be

### End-Users

The end-user implications of a digital technology or digital outcome (e.g. a website) are connected to the specific needs of the end-user(s).

Since the people using the website

To do this I must consider

### Intellectual Property

The intellectual property (IP) implications of a digital technology or digital outcome (e.g. a website) relate to not infringing on the IP of others, in terms of copyright, trade marks, patents, etc..

Since this is a website

Commit message:

Made changes to the README, Development page, and Design page

design.md, after:

# The Design of a Database-Linked Website for NCEA Level 2

Project Name: **Password storage system**

Project Author: **Connor Taylor-Whitnell**

Assessment Standards: **91892** and **91893**


-------------------------------------------------

## System Requirements

### Identified Need or Problem

People need a way to store and manage passwords.

### End-User Requirements

The website will be used by users such as old people, and forgetful people (Ben). The website will therefore need to have large text that is easy to read preferably with a colour that contrasts the rest of the website.

### Proposed Solution

The website will allow storage of login details, along with allowing the addition and deletion of said details 


-------------------------------------------------

## Relevant Implications

### Usability

The usability implications of a digital technology or digital outcome (e.g. a website) relate to how easy it is to use for the end-user, without the need for help or guidance.

This website will need to be usable by older people or people who may have memory issues, this means that it will need to simple, have large text, and be easy to understand and use.

I will need to consider the size of the text that I will be using, the colour scheme that I end up going with, and how easy it is to understand the functions of the various buttons.

### Functionality

The functionality implications of a digital technology or digital outcome (e.g. a website) relate to how well it works for the end-user, in terms of meeting its intended purpose.

The website must meet its intended purpose, which is to store the login details from various websites.

I will need to consider how I put the code together and whether or not it actually does its intended purpose.

### Aesthetics

The aesthetic implications of a digital technology or digital outcome (e.g. a website) relate to how it looks in terms of design.

The website must have an overall nice look to it, as no one likes a bland and boring website.

I will, again, need to consider the colour scheme, along with the layout / spacing of everything on the website.

### End-Users

The end-user implications of a digital technology or digital outcome (e.g. a website) are connected to the specific needs of the end-user(s).

The people using this website have the need of storing all of their login details in one place.

To do this I must consider how I plan to achieve this, as some parts may be more complicated than others.

### Intellectual Property

The intellectual property (IP) implications of a digital technology or digital outcome (e.g. a website) relate to not infringing on the IP of others, in terms of copyright, trade marks, patents, etc..

The website shouldn't have any copyrighted content on it, even if it is only being made for one user.
