development.md, before:

# The Design of a Database-Linked Website for NCEA Level 2

Project Name: **Password storage system**

Project Author: **Connor Taylor-Whitnell**

Assessment Standards: **91892** and **91893**


-------------------------------------------------

## Design, Development and Testing Log

## 21/05/2024

Today I worked on the general flowchart of the website. I sent a screenshot of this version to Benjamin and asked if he was okay with the design.

![Flowchart V1](images/flowchartV1.png)

The flowchart shows how users will "flow" through the website, this will show me how to program the website in a way that is intuitive and has no pages that the user might get stuck on.

## DATE HERE

Replace this text with what you are working on

Replace this text with brief notes describing what you worked on, any decisions you made, any changes to designs, etc. Add screenshots / links to other media to illustrate your notes where necessary.
## DATE HERE

Replace this text with what you are working on

Replace this text with brief notes describing what you worked on, any decisions you made, any changes to designs, etc. Add screenshots / links to other media to illustrate your notes where necessary.

## DATE HERE

Replace this text with what you are working on

Replace this text with brief notes describing what you worked on, any decisions you made, any changes to designs, etc. Add screenshots / links to other media to illustrate your notes where necessary.

## DATE HERE

Replace this text with what you are working on

Replace this text with brief notes describing what you worked on, any decisions you made, any changes to designs, etc. Add screenshots / links to other media to illustrate your notes where necessary.

Commit message:

Made changes to the README, Development page, and Design page

development.md, after:

# The Design of a Database-Linked Website for NCEA Level 2

Project Name: **Password storage system**

Project Author: **Connor Taylor-Whitnell**

Assessment Standards: **91892** and **91893**


-------------------------------------------------

## Design, Development and Testing Log

## 21/05/2024

Today I worked on the general flowchart of the website. I sent a screenshot of this version to Benjamin and asked if he was okay with the design.

![Flowchart V1](images/flowchartV1.png)

The flowchart shows how users will "flow" through the website, this will show me how to program the website in a way that is intuitive and has no pages that the user might get stuck on.

## 23/05/2024

Today I updated the flowchart, as Ben thought that some part didn't quite make sense, specifically the "back" button.

![Flowchart v2](images/flowchartV2.png)

All I did was remove the "back" button from the Login details page and changed the button from "back" to "cancel" on the New login details form page.

## DATE HERE

Replace this text with what you are working on

Replace this text with brief notes describing what you worked on, any decisions you made, any changes to designs, etc. Add screenshots / links to other media to illustrate your notes where necessary.

## DATE HERE

Replace this text with what you are working on

Replace this text with brief notes describing what you worked on, any decisions you made, any changes to designs, etc. Add screenshots / links to other media to illustrate your notes where necessary.

## DATE HERE

Replace this text with what you are working on

Replace this text with brief notes describing what you worked on, any decisions you made, any changes to designs, etc. Add screenshots / links to other media to illustrate your notes where necessary.
